README.md, before:

Gamegos Case Study
======================

Application uses a local MongoDB database. Connection string I used is: mongodb://localhost:27017/gamegos
Application also uses redis-server. You need to install redis CLI and run locally. It should run on default port which is 6379.


EVENT API
--------

### ERD for Non-SQL Database Structure

<img width="683" alt="Ekran Resmi 2023-03-12 20 46 02" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73586955/224562690-409768e4-4ce6-4526-9ea9-df9d27821da6.png">

### Pseudocode for whole logic with comments

```
function joinEvent(eventId, playerId) {

    try {
        // check if the player has already joined the event
        if (hasPlayerJoinedEvent(eventId, playerId)) {
            releaseLock(lockKey); // release the lock if the player has already joined
            return "Player has already joined the event.";
        }

        // find the group category based on the player's level
        groupCategory = getGroupCategory(playerId);

        // find the event and the groups
        event = findEventById(eventId);
        groups = event.groups;

        // find the first group in the group category that has less than 20 players
        group = findAvailableGroup(groups, groupCategory);

        if (group == null) {
            releaseLock(lockKey); // release the lock if no group is available
            return "No available group in the player's group category.";
        }

        // create a Redis lock key with the eventId and playerId
        lockKey = "lock:event:" + eventId + ":player:" + playerId;
        
        // acquire the lock
        acquired = acquireLock(lockKey);

        // add the player to the group
        group.players.push(playerId);

        // update the group in the event
        for (i = 0; i < groups.length; i++) {
            if (groups[i].id == group.id) {
                groups[i] = group;
                break;
            }
        }

        // update the event in the database
        updateEvent(event);

        releaseLock(lockKey); // release the lock

        return "Player has successfully joined the event.";
    } catch (err) {
        releaseLock(lockKey); // release the lock if an error occurs
        throw err;
    }
}

```

Commit message:

create a .yaml for endpoint specifications

README.md, after:

Gamegos Case Study
======================

Application uses a local MongoDB database. Connection string I used is: mongodb://localhost:27017/gamegos
Application also uses redis-server. You need to install redis CLI and run locally. It should run on default port which is 6379.

REST API specifications of the endpoint are in the file named "spec.yaml".

EVENT API
--------

### ERD for Non-SQL Database Structure

<img width="683" alt="Ekran Resmi 2023-03-12 20 46 02" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73586955/224562690-409768e4-4ce6-4526-9ea9-df9d27821da6.png">

--------

### Pseudocode for whole logic

```
function joinEvent(eventId, playerId) {

    try {
        // check if the player has already joined the event
        if (hasPlayerJoinedEvent(eventId, playerId)) {
            releaseLock(lockKey); // release the lock if the player has already joined
            return "Player has already joined the event.";
        }

        // find the group category based on the player's level
        groupCategory = getGroupCategory(playerId);

        // find the event and the groups
        event = findEventById(eventId);
        groups = event.groups;

        // find the first group in the group category that has less than 20 players
        group = findAvailableGroup(groups, groupCategory);

        if (group == null) {
            releaseLock(lockKey); // release the lock if no group is available
            return "No available group in the player's group category.";
        }

        // create a Redis lock key with the eventId and playerId
        lockKey = "lock:event:" + eventId + ":player:" + playerId;
        
        // acquire the lock
        acquired = acquireLock(lockKey);

        // add the player to the group
        group.players.push(playerId);

        // update the group in the event
        for (i = 0; i < groups.length; i++) {
            if (groups[i].id == group.id) {
                groups[i] = group;
                break;
            }
        }

        // update the event in the database
        updateEvent(event);

        releaseLock(lockKey); // release the lock

        return "Player has successfully joined the event.";
    } catch (err) {
        releaseLock(lockKey); // release the lock if an error occurs
        throw err;
    }
}

```
